No.
My gran could do better! And she's dead!
I wish you'd jump in the oven. That would make my life a lot easier.
This is a really tough decision, because you're both crap.
You fucking donkey.
How about a 'please,' you miserable wee bitch.
You seriously surprise me, with how shit you are.
Now fuck off you ya useless sack of fucking yankle doodle dandy shite. Fuck off, will ya?
You deserve a kick in the nuts.
You look like you're about to lose your virginity.
Do you want a fucking medal?
Hey, come here. Let me whisper something very important in your ear, very important: *Fuck off. Get out.*
Call me again and you'll find out exactly how far I can shove my boot up your ass.
Your mother is a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
I have to laugh when someone calls me an asshole. I’ve been called way worse.
I just want to die and fuck off away from you.
Piss off.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
Your birth certificate was a waste of paper.
Your birth certificate could double as an apology letter from the condom company.
You should carry around a potted plant. And apologize to it constantly for wasting the oxygen it produces.
You know, this file is really short, but I'm minding my own business, why don't you give it a try?
"ya fukin walnut."
Your brain is on airplane mode.
You look like your face caught fire, and someone put it out with a screwdriver.
You're as over-confident as a middle-school boy with a condom in his wallet.
One more neurone and you might even manage a synapse if you're lucky.
You're a stale water ass bitch.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
I can explain this to you, but I can't understand it for you.
If Mr. Rogers was your neighbor, he'd move.
I wish you were a speed bump for my tricycle.
I think we've all got something to bring to this discussion, and from now on I think the thing you should bring is silence.
Over the many years I have known all of you, I have come to regard you as... people I met.
A man of such awesome stupidity, he even objects to his own defence counsel.
You look like you came from a donation pile.
How are you not murdered every hour?
Well, my days of not taking you seriously are certainly coming to a middle.
It's impossible to underestimate you.
Of all the idiots in all the idiot villages in all the idiot worlds, you stand alone, my friend.
This is why everyone talks about you behind your back.
You're more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Wow, I expected nothing and am still disappointed.
How about no arms? No arms or legs is basically how you exist right now. You don't do anything.
There are approximately 1,010,300 words in the English language, but I could never string enough words together to properly express how much I want to hit you with a chair.
Thumbs down, you son of a bitch.
You are the silent killer go back to the annex.
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
You were being really funny, then you went too far
If I had a gun, with two bullets, and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden and you, I would shoot you twice.
No thank you.
You send commands like old people fuck.
You surprise me as to how shit you are.
I wouldn’t trust you running a bath, let alone running this command.
I've never, ever, ever, ever, ever met someone I believe in... as little as you.
Forecast for tomorrow? 100 percent chance of tears.
You're like the Yoko Ono of dog food.
You fucking donut.
You look like you would microwave a salad.
'Autism' has more than 300 definitions for you.
I have standards.
There can only be one. And it's not you.
