# PLACEHOLDER 1
What is your favorite color?
Did you do 9/11?
How tall are you?
Have you ever done murder?
What country do you live in?
What was the most recent petty crime you've committed?
How many hours did you sleep last night?
Have you ever watched How to Train Your Dragon?
Have you ever watched The Office?
Have you ever watched Shrek?
Have you ever watched Wall-E?
Have you ever watched The Book of Life?
Have you ever watched Spirited Away?
Have you ever read Diary of a Wimpy Kid?
Have you ever read The Little Prince?
Have you ever read Scroogenomics?
Have you ever read The Brittanica Encyclopedia?
Have you ever read the SAT book?
Have you ever read a graphic novel?
Have you ever seen a tree?
Have you taken the political compass test, and if so, what did you get?
What was the last video game you've played?
What was the last board game you've played?
What was your most recent google search?
if you cleared your search  history, why?
If you had to move to a new country, what country would you move to?
What color are your eyes?
Have you ever punched an inaniment object?
Are you a virgin?
What brand of cereal do you prefer?
Have you ever committed a felony?
Who on the server would you consider your best friend?
Are you a pancake or a waffle person?
Are you a Pepsi or a coke person?
What country has the best flag?
What the FUCK is a bird?
Nigga bug run
When was the last time you partook in the completion of your excretory system?
What would you name your first-born son?
What would you name your first-born daughter?
Would you rather have a son or a daughter?
Would you rather drink a coffee mug full of greenish tinted water that had a dead chipmunk rotting away in it covered in yellow beetles, or die a slow painful death via fire?
What are you attracted to in a partner?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite food?
Do you own any pets?
Who did 9/11?
Have you ever received a blowjob?
Have you ever given someone a blowjob?
What is your hair color?
Do you have a tattoo?
Have you ever had a peepee moment that was also a poopoo moment?
What subject were you best at as an student?
Why are u gae?
Who is better, Wario or Waluigi?
Who is better, Mario or Luigi?
Who is better, Wario or Mario?
Who is better, Luigi or Waluigi?
Why is Luigi better than Waluigi?
why did my dad leave?
What is your fetish?
why is my dicc small?
why is your dicc small?
What is your favorite sport?
Why did Karen take the kids..?
Did you take part in the Armenian genocide?
Have you ever Shane Dawsonned your cat?
What is your main nationality?
Have you ever farted so hard it caused a rupture in the ozone layer?
Have you detonated a bomb?
Where were you on September 20, 2019?
How much money have you spent on video games?
Have you ever played Minecraft?
Have you ever played Terraria?
Have you ever played Club Penguin?
Have you ever played Runescape?
Have you ever played Fallout?
Have you ever played Skyrim?
Who did you vote for in the most recent presidential election?
What happened in 1989, Beijing, Tiananmen Square?
Have you ever played D&D?
Have you seen the muffin man?
What the fuck is oatmeal?
Are you currently listening to music?
What is your favorite band/singer?
If 2+3=5 then why did my dad leave me?
What is a conversation starter?
What is your favorite time period?
What music genre do you like?
What is your favorite country?
If you could spontaneously learn a new skill, what would it be?
Why are you being interrogated by a discord bot?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What is your favorite continent?
If you could spontaneously learn a new language, what would it be?
What is the brand of phones do you like?
Have you ever died?
What is your favorite food?
Have you ever gone to prom?
What are your thoughts on Fallout 76?
What are your thoughts on YouTube Rewind?
What was the last place you took a shit at?
Wendy's or McDonald's?
Do you like cats or dogs (neither isn't an option)?
Is Israel a legitimate state?
Who is your favorite member on your discord server?
Apples or oranges?
Do you think this file needs more questions? from shouto himself yes
Would you ever kill a dragon?
Do you know how to program? If so, what is your preferred langauge?
Do you have a secondary language? What is it?
How long have you been a witch?
What is your thoughts on the United States government?
Have you ever seen The Room?
Have you seen Home Alone?
