"Well, it may be stupid, but it's also dumb."
Spongebob: "What do you usually do when I'm gone? Patrick: waiting for you to come back."
Spongebob: Aw, cheer up, Squid! It could be worse! Patrick: Yeah. You could be bald and have a big nose.
Squidward: You mean you've never heard the story of the… hash-slinging slasher? SpongeBob: The slash-bringing hasher? Squidward: The hash-slinging slasher. SpongeBob: The sash wringing… the trash thinging… mash flinging… the flash springing, bringing the the crash thinging the… Squidward: Yes. The hash-slinging slasher
Squidward: "Do you have to stand so close? You're making me claustrophobic!" Patrick: "What does claustrophobic mean?" Spongebob: "I think it means he's afraid of Santa Claus." Patrick:"Ho, Ho,Ho!" Spongebob: "Stop it, Patrick! You're scaring him!"
"Well, it's no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly."
"Gary, I'm absorbing his blows like I'm made of some sort of spongy material"
Spongebob: guess what day today is? Patrick: annoy squidward day? Spongebob: no silly! thats on the 15!
"I wumbo, you wumbo, he-she-me wumbo. Wumboing, wumbology, the study of wumbo! It's first grade Spongebob"
"Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are…(drools)"
"Squidward, your ceiling is talking to me."
2b2t: Destroy Build Destroy: Minecraft edition 
Patrick: *with candy on his mouth* "All right! Which one of you flatfoots stole my lollypop?" *spongebob, the cops, and patrick laugh* "I mean it!"
"Holographic Meatloaf? My favorite!"
Did you know? No you didn't!
Everyone on 2b2t is a bot except you. I would know.
Get better messages with ALT+F4
*O hie thee forth o'er golden mead \n Yon is the maypole set \n A ribbon to wind thy soul \n And to bind love to thy breast \n \n From flesh removed our chalk footfall \n Tempers this holy ground \n Where timeless spirits meet \n Round the heart of Pottsfield town*
IN CRUST WE TRUST!!!
IN CHEESE WE PLEASE
IN TOPPING THERES NO STOPPING
IN THE OVEN WE TOUGHEN
IN DOUGH WE GROW/THROW
IN WHEAT WE YEET!
oh no
Those who vote decide nothing. Those who count the vote decide everything
bone apple teeth
"It's a good feeling, but it frightens me all the same. Having a bond with someone then losing them... it changes you.
bone smack the teeth
"Are you saying you're...in love with me? This doesn't make any sense. After everything the Brotherhood taught you, how could you be in love with...well, a machine?"
You stood up to Elder Maxson for me. I'll never forget that for as long as I live.
bong asshole sneeze
"Maybe I can help you. I mean, you guys are lost, right?"
"No, no. no. Not a wish. I'm not magical. I'll just do you a good turn."
"Um, no. I just said I'm not magical."
"FUCK OFF JANET, I'M NOT GOING TO YOUR FUCKING BABY SHOWER."
"Go back inside!"
"MOVE I'M GAY"
"I drink to forget but I always remember."
"I drank some bleach down to the blue and now I'm starting to feel like Harry Potter."
"Well it tasted like candy to me."
"Look at the whip he's got! That mouse owns somebody."
"I came to America on that boat. *C'mon, let's go! They're gonna vote for Hillary!*"
No. There is only me. There is only my way. There is only the forest, and there is only surrender.
*Oh, we're going to the Pasture to meet Adelaide and ask her if she has a way to send us back where we came from.*
Stop being blind it’s bad for your eyes
No, we didn't. Fred's a talking horse. He can do whatever he wants.
We need money.
He's about this height. Clearly gay, but we haven't had the talk.
hELp iM unDER aTTAck bY a LeSBiaN
Puberty really hasn't been kind to Dora the Explorer
all servers are located in a hut in cuba
"Put that candy back I'm not buying you all that meth."
IMA SHOVE THESE UP MY ASS!!!
"Put that candy back, I am not buying you shit!"
"*I need a pharmacist!*"
"Last week I got mugged by a ballerina. Bitch almost made me pass, then the bitch spun away."
"Grab your shit we're leaving."
"And what are you supposed to be? A dissapointment?"
And I secretly whisper poetry to myself in my room at night
I was thinking more like flat-out stealing from him.
"So it's some kind of weird cult they wear vegetable costumes and dance around a big thing. They seem nice enough."
WE DA BOSS WITH SAUCE
Spongebob: "Run Mr. Krabs! Run like you're not in a coma!"
Spongebob: Quick, Patrick, without thinking: if you could have anything right now, what would it be? Patrick: Um… more time for thinking.
Spongebob: Excuse me, sir, but you're sitting on my body, which is also my face.
"Too bad SpongeBob's not here to enjoy Spongebob not being here."
"meatball meatball spaghetti underneath, ravioli ravioli great barrier reef"
Gary, what are you doing here? YOU'RE CAUSING A SCENE!!!
"We've been smeckledorfed!"
"You taste like glass"
SpongeBob: "There it is. The finest eating establishment ever established for eating. The Krusty Krab, home of the Krabby Patty, with the Help Wanted sign on the front. I've waited years for this moment. I'm gonna go in there, march straight up to the manager, look at him straight in the eye, lay it on the line, and – I can't do it!"
"Oh well, I guess I'm not wearing any pants today!"
SpongeBob: I knew a guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy's cousin…
"It's not just any boulde...it's a ROCK!"
Spongebob: "No, Gary. I like wearing my underwear like this!"
SpongeBob: We're not doing so well, Patrick. We need a new approach, a new tactic. Patrick: Umm, I got it. Let's get naked!
The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma
You're a man now, SpongeBob, and it's time you started acting like one.
"Don't genius live in lamps?"
"Where in squidwards body, no wonder it smells funny in here."
"Moss always points to civilization."
"The maniacs in the MAILBOX!"
"I am the master at Kara-tay."
See, no one says "cool" anymore. That's such an old person thing. Now we say "coral", as in "That nose job is so coral."
SpongeBob SquarePants: Hi, Kevin. I'm your biggest fan. Kevin the Sea Cucumber: That's nice. Security! SpongeBob SquarePants: No, no! I'll do anything you want! Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Go jump off a building. [SpongeBob jumps off building, returns] SpongeBob SquarePants: Anything. Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Punch yourself in the face. [SpongeBob punches himself with a boxing glove] Kevin the Sea Cucumber: Doesn't that hurt? SpongeBob SquarePants: [Puts on a metal gauntlet with spikes] Do you want it to hurt, Kevin?
Patrick: Careful, Spongebob; Careful Spongebob. Spongebob careful. Careful Spongebob! Spongebob: Patrick Patrick: Yeah? Spongebob: It's already open. Patrick: Oh
"Can you give spongebob his brain back, i had to borrow it for the week"
Patrick: Is Sandy the one I call "Mom"? SpongeBob: No Patrick, that's your mother.
"Nonsense, my vocabulary is infinitly expanding!"
Patrick: [to a random squid] are you Squidward? SpongeBob: [to a random squid] Are you Squidward? Patrick: Are you Squidward? [to a fire hydrant] Fire Hydrant:… Patrick: That's okay, take your time.
"Squidward? Squidward! The sky had a baby from my cereal box!"
"You can't fool me. I listen to public radio!"
"It's a vast swirling wonderland of sparkling white pleasure. Let it fill your senses with cascading fluffy pillows of excitement, and comfort, as you've never felt before."
"Can I have everybody's attention?… I have to use the bathroom."
Police: If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. [locks SpongeBob and Patrick in jail cell and opens it again after a second] Okay, time's up. Now get out! SpongeBob: But…we stole a balloon! Police: Yeah, on free balloon day!
Spongebob: What's better than serving up smiles? Squidward: being dead or anything else
"if I were to die right now in a fiery explosion due to carelessness of a friend…. Then it would just be alright"
Spongebob: I'm Dirty Dan. Patrick: No, I'm Dirty Dan. Spongebob: What makes you think you can be Dirty Dan? Patrick: I'm dirty.
'I'm going to change my name to REDACTED.'
'Are you ordering bacteria from the internet again?'
'As long as they don't hit me with the love fern, I'll be alright.'
'He's not really an actor – he just plays one on tv!'
'Thank goodness there's an alternate heat source for you and we don't have to wait for the repairman to decompose.'
'Nazi-Zombies. They're like an evil Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.'
'You should stop getting all of your ideas off the Beef Jerky Hotline.'
'Root Beer's KIND of a fruit… like purple!'
'At least the Children of the Corn are gluten free!'
'Death by Slinky… it could happen!'
'A toaster's just a vacuum with a phone attached, right?'
'I'm not sure what Batman would be, as a sandwich.'
'My llama's name is Juan and he doesn't smoke.'
'You're the one who wanted the new hybrid technology; so we got a chicken-powered refrigerator!'
'I hate things that are not consistent.' – 'Me neither.'
'We were toasting to doggie dentures?'
'You don't want tacos in your sound hole.'
'A wizard never butters himself. He only butters precisely what he means to.'
'I think a baconated beverage would just end up being hot ham water.'
'Croutons have no sense of humor.'
'But what if the Queen stops by and I've got my face in a bowl of melted butter?!'
'I don't think anyone would be opposed to fudge expansion.'
'Olive oil tends to give me amnesia.'
'It just explains why they lost track of their pants when they went to the other side of Mars.'
'Even brain surgery is easier when you're a professional chef!'
'Did you go to the JubJub School of Laying Down?'
'This horned helmet just SCREAMS 'skilled electrician'!'
'T-Rex will never know the joy of putting olives on the end of his claws.'
'Since the angels got out of the bathroom they've been very crunchy.'
'Everything with you revolves around opposable thumbs.'
'My call of the wild went to voice mail.'
'Your office space is NOT Feng Shui if none of your pens have caps!'
'Fish Licking is frowned upon, especially in New England.'
'S'Moria – where the Dwarves toast marshmallows.'
'Marble rye isn't like celery in a tree!'
'H.R. Stuff 'N Junk is H.R. Puff 'N Stuff's bad boy cousin that hangs out with Oscar the Grouch.'
'It's not even 8am and you've already ruined teleportation for everyone.'
'If they wanted us to use good grammar, they should have made it more easier.'
'Can you really bake snow?' – 'You can if it's made of marbles!'
"From where you're kneeling it must look like an 18 karat tun of bad luck. Truth is ... the game was rigged from the start."
Ring-a-ding-ding baby! I got your back.
"Longing makes the heart grow fonder, but I've always been a fan of hog-tying my lovers to make sure they don't escape.
"What in the goddamn..."
"Folks'll tell you that they seen ghouls up near the rocket factor. Sensationalist hooey, cooked up by superstitious yokels seeing phantoms of their own imagining"
"so what do you think it is?"
"Ghosts! Commie ghosts what don't know they're dead!"
"Finding it though, that's not the hard part. It's letting go."
"I survived because the fire inside burned brighter than the fire around me."
"The last thing you never see"
"Pretty accurate, and so were we"
"Thumbs down, you son of a bitch."
"Nobody's dick's that long, not even Long Dick Johnson, and he had a fucking long dick. Thus, the name."
"Shhhh... we're hunting shitheads"
"You've gotten a lot farther than you should have, but then you haven't met Frank Horrigan either. Your ride's over mutie. Time to die."
Gary? Gaaaryyy...!
"Do you ever give up?"
"NOT WHILE THERE ARE SPINES LEFT UNSHATTERED"
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
SMELL THAT AIR! CAN'T YOU JUST DRINK IT LIKE BOOZE???????
"Don't look at me. This wasn't my idea.'
"We can afford all we need, we cannot afford all we want."
"The thing about happiness is that you only know you had it when it's gone. I mean, you may think to yourself that you're happy. But you don't really believe it. You focus on the petty bullshit, or the next job, or whatever. It's only looking back by comparison with what comes after that you really understand, that's what happiness felt like."
"Did you just try to... pick my pocket? My God, son...."
Hey nifty America, it's me, your President John Hen-- Hahaa, gotcha! Three Dog here, how's everyone doin'?
Don't feed the yao guai!
"Democracy is non negotiable!"
COMMUNISM IS THE VERY DEFINITION OF FAILURE
"DEPTH OBSTRUCTION: 5 METERS. COMPOSITION: SAND. GRAVEL. AND COMMUNISM."
DEATH IS A PREFERABLE ALTERNATIVE TO COMMUNISM!
OBSTRUCTION DETECTED. COMPOSITION: TITANIUM ALLOY SUPPLEMENTED BY PHOTONIC RESONANCE BARRIER. PROBABILTY OF MISSION HINDRANCE. ZERO PERCENT
YOU ARE OUT OF UNIFORM SOLDIER, WHERE IS YOUR POWER ARMOR
"Eddie! It's me! Your old pal Shamus McFuckyourself."
'Two hundred years, and the first person who comes through my door is a smart-ass.'
Bullshit. You can't just put something between two pieces of bread and claim it's a sandwich. Does that mean a loaf of bread is technically a bread sandwich?
"You're a little bitch, and your brother was, too."
TUNNEL SNAKES RULE!!!
"I spent the first ten years trying to keep the floor waxed, but nothing gets out nuclear fallout from vinyl wood. Nothing!"
"And don't get me started about the futility of dusting a collapsed house. And the car! The car! How do you polish rust?"
"Please assume the position"
"Another settlement needs our help."
"I'm here to pick up an order. Two large pepperoni and a calzone. Name is "Fuck you."'
lol nigga you gay
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman"
"YOU WANNA FUCKING DIE"
"You can't kill me. I'm a bad bitch."
"`R Y A N`"
Dead server, don't join
[deleted]
@Arctiblaine#8015 is a ho
DELETE THIS
Did you know?
Death is only a temporary inconvenience.
Burn it, burn it all!
Burst some Pepsi out!
But there's already one that is just like this?
buy more coke right now
Cactus dupe is best dupe.
Can't connect to server.
"I hope nothing is troubling you today."
"STOP, YOU HAVE VIOLATED THE LAW"
Right, I'll get you more pumpkin; I'll ram it right up your fucking arse. Would you like it whole or diced?
Stupid dog! You make me look bad!
Courage, you know I can't hear without my glasses...
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE
walter
you want a sprite cranberry?
hey
I believe bowling Jesus died for our pins.
I believe soccer Jesus died for our shins.
I have dibs. Do you respect dibs?
(scoffs) I'm not a barbarian.
It's 4:30 in the morning. Do you know where your kids are? If you are Ryan's parents or Pam's parents or my parents, you do. They're gonna be in this van. With me. Who am I? Nothing to fear. I am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route.
I say we fill Michael's office with bees. My apiarist owes me a favor.
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good
I just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. That's all I've ever wanted.
There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things. Isn't that kind of the point?
At least once a year, I like to bring in some of my Kevin's Famous Chili. The trick is to undercook the onions. Everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot. I'm serious about this stuff. I'm up the night before pressing garlic and dicing whole tomatoes. I toast my own Ancho chilies. It's a recipe passed down from Malones for generations. It's probably the thing I do best.
Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year.
**Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.**
I thought you were gay.
The worst thing about prison was the dementors.
If I don't have some cake soon, I might die.
"Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me."
"I talk a lot, so I've learned to tune myself out."
It's Britney bitch.
"More fun than your body has room for."
"Oh, fuck, more rumors will be perpetuated. I have no neck, I have small hands, I fuck bees.... To be fair, I have read some very strange things that you guys have made rumors of on Twitter. It's been a fucking... it's been a journey and a half. Right, the spider dungeon, right... the spider dungeon's not a rumor, that's real."
Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies... *tell me now~*, Oh, no, no, you can't disguise...
Clown down!
"What!? Wha—what does this have to do with anything? Why do I have to learn about a man who can circumcise penises?"
coke > pepsi
COMMUNICATION ERROR
sedes introiti
BIRD UP!
You're not trying to help me. You just have some weird obsession with keeping this lantern lit. It's almost like your soul is in this lantern.
 You see, Woodsman? All who perish here will become trees for the lantern. Cut them down with your ax. Go! Now!
That's dumb. I'm not just gonna just wander around in the woods for the rest of my life.
Wait. that's dumb
Riding on your feathers I can see us through the starry night... Our shadows, high above the floor, like two demons tryna' find a brighter soul
Now this looks familiar. Where have I seen this before? Hm, let me think. Oh, yes, I remember!
Thanks for nothing, you stupid reptile.
I laugh in the face of danger.
This is for *The Raza!*
Out of the ashes of this tragedy, we shall rise to greet the dawning of a new era.
Change is good.
Ooh, I quiver with fear!
POP BOB BIOME POP BOOB BIOME
"These donuts are great! Jelly-filled are my favorite! Nothing beats a jelly-filled donut!"
"Perfectly balanced, as all things should be"
You fucking donut, of course you don't microwave a salad.
Oh, you... wonderful mistake of nature!
We need to build a wall.
"you are, after all, the binging of babish of your cabbage"
"you're the Angelina Jolie of your canolli."
"I may an idiot, but I'm not stupid"
Get that frog out of your pants.
"It's time to kick gum and chew ass, and it look's like I'm all out of ass."
also, i like to make the sex with the doritos
An exploit was disabled due to
Ask about the cactus dupe!
